# Basketball Tracker

This project is designed to track players, ball, referees and hoop in nba basketball videos. For this matter, we utilizes YOLOv8 for object detection, ByteTrack for tracking, and k-means clustering for team assignment based on colors.

## Table of Contents

- [Input Videos](#input-videos)
- [Models](#models)
- [Output Videos](#output-videos)
- [Stubs](#stubs)
- [Team Assignment](#team-assignment)
- [Trackers](#trackers)

## Input Videos

Contains all the input basketball videos in the `input_videos` directory. These videos will be used as input to test the model and see if the tracking is correct.

## Models

The `models` directory contains the weights of different models tested. These model weights are obtained after transfer learning on models from Roboflow, trained on either Roboflow's dataset or our own labeled dataset
(not in the git, file too big)
## Output Videos

The `output_videos` directory stores all the output videos generated by the tracking system. Notable files include:
- `output_video_byteTrack_model_roboflow_ball_players`: Uses two Roboflow models (not specific to NBA games) to detect the ball.
- `Final_output_pelicans_lakers_own_model_roboflow` , `Final_output_pelicans_lakers_2_own_model_roboflow`, `Final_output_mavericks_okc_own_model_roboflow` : Result of final models on different videos 

## Stubs

The `stubs` directory store tracking data if it exists. This data includes tracked positions of players, ball, referees and hoop.

## Team Assignment

The `team_assignment` module contains the k-means clustering model used to identify the colors and assign teams to each player.

## Trackers

The `trackers` directory includes the implementation of ByteTrack and functions to track players, the ball, referees, and the hoop. It also includes code to modify the visual appearance of bounding boxes.
